README.md, before:

# SimpleHueman
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tdg5/simple_hueman.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tdg5/simple_hueman)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/tdg5/simple_hueman/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/tdg5/simple_hueman?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/tdg5/simple_hueman/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tdg5/simple_hueman)

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/simple_hueman`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "simple_hueman"
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install simple_hueman

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release` to create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/simple_hueman/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am "Add some feature"`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Rename gem octopress-simple-hueman-theme

README.md, after:

# SimpleHueman
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme)

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be
able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file
`lib/octopress-simple-hueman-theme`. To experiment with that code, run
`bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "octopress-simple-hueman-theme"
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install octopress-simple-hueman-theme

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release` to create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/tdg5/octopress-simple-hueman-theme/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am "Add some feature"`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
